# Army-Men-Sarge-s-Heroes-Autosplitter-Actual
IMPORTANT PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE: THIS FILE AS WELL AS THE "splitter" FILE CANNOT BE IN THE SAME FILE AS THE SPLIT IMAGES PLEASE MOVE OR DELETE THESE FILES. THE SPLITTER FILE IS NOT NECESSARY AND MUST BE REMOVED OR DELETED!
This autosplitter was NOT developed by me (Yopmemama2019) but was actually created by Rathin (@rathin6232 on YouTube). Please give your support to him and him alone. Installation: This autosplitter relies on third party applications. For speedrunning, I usually use the program Toufool/Autosplit. Follow the directions listed at https://github.com/Toufool/AutoSplit#tutorial for LiveSplit integration istructions. Set up in OBS: These split screens were designed for a 1080X1920 display, with the capture card taking up the entire right side of the display in a 1440X1920 configuration. In OBS Studio, right click the preview display and select "Fullscreen projector (preview)", and then your desired monitor. Access your Autosplit program and Browse until you find this folder to select. Finally, Select the Preview window you pulled up previously. you should now be good to go! Quality of Life: It is Likely that some splits will not execute upon first playthrough. this is likely due to "pause time" found under settings. simply set the pause time (found in image settings) to 1 second to fix this problem. Some "false splits" may occur, simply increase the similarity threshold (also found in image settings) to any value from 0.91 to 0.95 to get rid of these false splits. any value above this may refuse to split all together so use your best judgment.
